all right welcome everybody to the MGM
Grand Hotel and Casino two carries
improv a Ganza let's get the show start
like a new game this is for Jeff and
chip with the help of Buster calf dumpy
and I'll have at hand fun lovely looking
audience huh thank you hi how are you hi
hey
kee come up with me for a second you
don't mind you sir really don't have any
say in the matter
this isn't actually part of the show
it's so hard to find women these days
and what's your name Diane a big hand
for Diane please Dan just sit right down
here all right Diane how are you very
good all right then what do you do for a
living
mortgage broker a mortgage broker give
any hobbies ride horses you ride horses
and Diane who did you come here with my
husband David yeah if you had to
describe Diane in a word or a phrase
what's the first thing that comes to
mind I give this relationship a very
loving all right
say you wanted to lottery won more money
than you ever thought was possible you
could do anything in the world some
dream that you've always wanted to do
anything buy a horse farm in Kentucky
oh yeah but in Kentucky alright well the
reason we brought you up Diane is
because Jeff and chip are going to sing
a song based on all the information
we've just given them you guys why don't
you sing this song in the style of Neil
Diamond
when I first saw you
favor I knew I was a man I was mad but I
knew you a woman in the name whose dad
feel the touch of my hand in your hair
and my fingers on the toast if we want a
million dollars
maybe someday maybe some decent wish
move to Kentucky Oh silver Diane
always abide yeah applied I know you
like horses so I'm pretty sure that you
also know how to write
yes what's Marta
right be Diana Ross small-time
my hand I help you through the good
times and the bad time and the bad time
and the stood tired at night I love you
tonight so many many times
many times
I am I'll eat an apple right out of your
hand
yeah